# OMI MSF Delegates Shared Repo (Draft) 

## About: 
MSF Delegates is a group of volunteers within the Open Metaverse Interoperability (OMI) group. We represent OMI group interests as a Standards Development Organisation (SDO) and as a Principal Member within the Metaverse Standards Forum (MSF) through voting. The group also acts as a conduit for the exchange of information between the two organisations: meeting regularly to review, discuss and share key developments and opportunities. 

## Reasons to get involved: 
- MSF membership comprises 1600+ members committed to create open standards for the Metaverse
- A unique opportunity to shape the development of this space 
- Make new connections and find speaking engagements

## How you can get involved: 
- MSF Delegates currently meet weekly on Wednesdays at 15:00 UTC to review the outputs of MSF meetings occuring throughout the week.  
- We track active tickets with our [Github Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/omigroup/projects/8), which we review during our weekly meetings.
- We organise our backlog using github [Milestones](../../milestones) which makes it easy to track progress based on desired outcomes and objectives.
- We discuss our efforts using [Discord](https://discord.gg/raXnTHN7) in the [#MSF-Delegates](https://discord.com/channels/770382203782692945/1000781076463112234) channel. 
- Other channels include 
  - [#MSF-Links](https://discord.com/channels/770382203782692945/1009493349893423145)
  - [#MSF-Recaps](https://discord.com/channels/770382203782692945/1009556810950258788) 
  - [#MSF-Opportunities](https://discord.com/channels/770382203782692945/1009485222745755728). 
  
## Current issues:
The MSF is currently in the process of creating and reviewing exploratory and working group proposals. The main focus of exploratory groups is to _create the charter_. Exploratory groups answer the "what" question, while working groups dive deeper to answer the "how" question.

Current exploratory group proposals are as follows:
* [3D Asset Interoperability](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e03WkuuMyBpR0iDgOKzlRkCqZnfe2Wk_aW7GwZLHZXo/edit#heading=h.sx968zb0bbax)
* [Digital Asset Interoperability](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w-hnAtizCBj2foBdLj60ZJzVSmToc5iDFGknrONiSlc/edit)
* [Digital Fashion Wearables for Avatars](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Yn1bQTUolJycp1pLrXvit2QfSia_9zpJffMssDPOl24/edit)
* [Real/Virtual World Integration](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10X9W91vEnDhlPcpfp5ZfgR-gJCYhxBZxsJ0qY07Ijlk/edit)

OMI members are welcome to visit the above proposals and provide feedback and comments within the Google docs.
 

## Contacts 
- Questions can be addressed to ant of the following group members: @humbletim, @funksoup, @pcsmgnt, @a and @jin.
